docs: key changes for troubleshooting docs (#44937)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/why-is-my-select-returning-an-empty-data-array-and-i-have-data-in-the-table-xvOPgx.mdx

console.log(`The user role is ${testData.role} and the user UUID is ${testData.sub}. `, testError)
```

> If you have publishable or secret as the role then you do not have a user session at the time of your call.

Author: @fadymak For this change, I assume that the function call before returned a predictable output, but with publishable and secret, how will that output look?

> If you have publishable or secret as the role then you do not have a user session at the time of your call.

Reviewer: This guide is referring to the Postgres role rather than the keys — they should stay the same in this case.

Author: `service_role` is a Postgres role?

Reviewer: Yup, it's used to bypass RLS when using a service role key or secret: https://supabase.com/docs/guides/database/postgres/roles#servicerole

Author: ```suggestion
If you have anon or service_role as the role then you do not have a user session at the time of your call.
```
